enhance docs for cloudfront (#726)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/cloudfront/index.md

description: >
  Get started with AWS CloudFront on LocalStack
---

## Introduction

CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) service provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS). CloudFront distributes its web content, videos, applications, and APIs with low latency and high data transfer speeds. CloudFront APIs allow you to configure distributions, customize cache behavior, secure content with access controls, and monitor the CDN's performance through real-time metrics.

LocalStack supports CloudFront via the Pro/Team offering, allowing you to use the CloudFront APIs in your local environment to create local CloudFront distributions to transparently access your applications and file artifacts. The supported APIs are available on our [API coverage page](https://docs.localstack.cloud/references/coverage/coverage_cloudfront/), which provides information on the extent of CloudFront's integration with LocalStack.

## Getting started

This guide is intended for users who wish to get more acquainted with CloudFront over LocalStack. It assumes you have basic knowledge of the AWS CLI (and our [`awslocal`](https://github.com/localstack/awscli-local) wrapper script).

> Start your LocalStack container using your preferred method. We will demonstrate how you can create an S3 bucket, puts a text file named `hello.txt` to the bucket, and then creates a CloudFront distribution which makes the file accessible via a `https://abc123.cloudfront.net/hello.txt` proxy URL (where `abc123` is a placeholder for the real distribution ID).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start your LocalStack container using your preferred method. We will demonstrate how you can create an S3 bucket, put a text file named `hello.txt` to the bucket, and then create a CloudFront distribution which makes the file accessible via a `https://abc123.cloudfront.net/hello.txt` proxy URL (where `abc123` is a placeholder for the real distribution ID).
```
